welcome to makeup magic 88
you can join me I don't have any makeup
on which is pretty obvious what I'm
doing today is actually a first
impressions of Todd's new colored clay
collection so um I got it off
QVC in a pack and I came with this
beautiful pink pouch which is really
huge and in the pack it came out with so
many things I mean this was such a good
value
if you can get this one QVC highly
recommended you get a colored clay
foundation and I got a color light I got
a pink bronze blush also in the colored
clay series and then I got the colored
clay CC primer I think this one in
particular is available and so far right
now the rest I haven't seen on Sephora
and then they gave me a lip surgence lip
gloss that in this pretty pink color you
also get a colored clay eyeliner and
black and then um this is this is common
this is the light camera action lashes
so I've seen this everywhere and then
you also get a brush which is really
pretty I really do like tots brushes I
think they're really well made and they
do feel very very soft so so we're going
to start with the taut CC clay primer
and the colored I got was light and it's
quite unusual you can see I have like
different colors in it so I think it
helps with color correcting I'm just
applying it all over put some underneath
my
under-eyes it blends into the skin
really well I feel as if it's like
melting into the skin I like the feel of
it and time now is 1258 and Sydney and
we're going to test it out throughout
the day and see how long not first
impressions is that this CC primer
blends very well into the skin you think
it's not too bad a match let's try the
Amazonian colored clay liquid foundation
beautiful packaging so it looks like on
the back its focus and then there's a
little bit here that says shake well who
and what it is actually total is going
to be a powder foundation that's
actually a liquid foundation whoops okay
so we'll take some from the lid
I really like the feel of this
foundation it is so easy to blend really
liked it so I quite like the finish of
the foundation will just go closer it's
a probability of medium one I haven't
put too much all I did was use that
little bit that was on a cap and the CC
primer itself does offer some cup
coverage as well
so it that was quite good just letting
it set a bit and I think I will use my
top some operator powder just to set
everything hmm I really do think that
this one nation gives you quite a good
finish really pretty finish we'll use
the pink bronze brush come to this
beautiful container like that open it up
and it's a circle just look at that
isn't that pretty I think that's so
pretty then you use a fan brush of this
one this one's by Ecotools lies a little
bit more of a sort of chiseled look
turning so I can show you what it looks
like in the light
it's a very very natural looking color
usually I use as finishing spray because
I've got oily combination skin but I'm
not going to today because I want to
really test out what it looks like
without that so I'm just going to
continue and apply like drawing my
eyebrows and I'll get back to you
throughout the day so I think the last
time we checked time was 12:58 p.m. in
the afternoon and Sydney and then I'll
check in periodically see ya hi so the
foundation seems to be holding up really
well I haven't had to blot it which is
quite a revelation for me because I have
oily combination skin um time now is 302
and then I'll check in again at the end
of the day yeah
hi everyone back again for a quick
checkup so the time now is about 8:40
that's going to focus and I've had the
foundation and the primer on for a good
eight hours you definitely see there's
some shiny spots here I haven't powdered
I did blot once during the day but um I
think the foundation is holding up
pretty well actually I think this might
be my new favorite foundation so there
you go um sign off here now thanks guys
so much for watching really appreciate
it paste your thumbs up and I hope this
first impressions was useful to you
thanks for watching bye see you wishing
you much love happiness and good luck as
always bye so yummy so soft just goes on
like butter
amazing I really really love this
lipsticks and I might save up for some
more and I also like lip gloss this is
the one that